- Previously on Yellowjackets...
- [Mari] I never
believed you burned
down the cabin.
- The cabin burned down?
- [Misty] Have I got something
- you're gonna want to hear.
- [Shauna] I don't
- give a shit. Misty.
- I think Natalie knows
where Coach Scott is.
[Shauna] I asked you to not
let them talk to each other.
Well. we were playing
truth or dare.
What? Why would you
let that happen?
It never meant what
you thought it meant.
Get the fuck out of my house!
[Walter] I have no doubt
you're reading this note
because you're too smart
not to have figured it out.
Damn right I am.
- I don't know what's happening!
- What is wrong
- with the car?
- I don't know! [screams]
You fucked with my
car. didn't you?
Why would I do this?
'Cause you are a
verified psycho.
and you feed off this shit.
Now. the blood work
suggests your cancer
- has stopped metastasizing.
- [Taissa] It could be
happening again.
The waiter was the sacrifice.
and your new prognosis...
that's the gift.
[Taissa] What do you want?
I know what It wants.
It wants more.
[Lottie] It's up to you. You
can submit. Or you can run.
Are you in my dream. or
am I in one of yours?
- [gasps]
- [Ben] Help!
It's some kind of gas.
Sorry. Coach. You're
coming with us.
♪ Eerie music ♪
♪
It wasn't that weird.
As far as nightmares
go. it was. like.
a six out of ten on
my crazy dreams meter.
I was just wondering
if maybe the dream
could have been.
like. a message?
Yeah.
Stay out of that cave.
[rustling]
Wh-What?
♪
[Shauna] Hey.
Hey. Where are you going?
We're here.
He's back.
Now we have to make him
pay for trying to kill us.
That is not how we
are gonna do it.
Nat's right.
Life and death has always
been for It to decide.
Fuck that.
He burned down our
home with us in it.
[Shauna] She's right.
He tried to kill us.
I get that you're angry.
But what if it was
just a freak accident?
What if Coach had
nothing to do with it?
He deserves a chance to
tell his side of the story.
You know. to plead his case.
We're gonna have
to do this right.
We're gonna have a trial.
♪ "No Return" by Craig
Wedren and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool. nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired. nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh. so cute. so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit. just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return. no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
[all grunting]
[Natalie] It should
be two-thirds.
[grunts]
Two-thirds?
That's bullshit. I-It
should be majority rules.
That's more than fair. Shauna.
Criminal trials are
supposed to be unanimous.
I'm meeting you halfway.
Great. that's settled.
I'll run prosecution.
The question is...
who's gonna defend Coach Scott?
Why are you looking at me?
'Cause he's your boyfriend.
In your mind at least. right?
That's not funny. And
I'm not defending him.
He's not the Ben that I knew.
You have to. Misty.
I know how you feel.
It sucks that he left. but...
you're his best chance
at a fair trial.
maybe his only chance.
If you can't prove he's
innocent. he'll lose anyway.
but... if you can.
Misty. you'll save his life.
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Shauna] Let me
guess... cut brake line.
No.
What? Really? Are you sure?
You got a bad brake booster.
Huh.
Okay. so somebody
messed with our brake booster.
No. no. just failed.
Cost you around. uh. 500.
but I'll have you out
of here in an hour.
[Shauna] Okay. Great.
How do brakes just
go bad. all of a sudden?
That's weird. right?
It's not weird. It's karma
for what we've done.
You know?
At least what I did...
...to Kevyn.
Okay. To... Well.
you didn't do anything.
- okay?
- I caused it.
- What?
- I mean. I didn't stop it.
[breathes sharply]
And now the van...
the van doesn't stop.
Jesus Christ. that is karmic.
[laughs]
[banker] Thank you so much for
banking with us. Ms. Matthews.
Can we call you a car?
[Lottie] No. No need.
- Thank you.
- [phone vibrates]
Taissa?
How lovely to hear from you.
[Taissa] Sure. sure.
Lottie. listen.
That night. getting
into the ambulance.
what you said to me and Van...
What-what I... what I said
- to you and Van?
- I-It... That
It was pleased
with us. You said.
"We'll see." What
did you mean by that?
I don't even
remember saying that.
What the fuck you mean
you don't remember?
Well. thanks for checking
in. Tai. but I should go.
No. no. hold on.
hold on. I need
to talk to you.
Where are you?
Lottie?
I really didn't
want to come here.
Talk to me.
We were searching Coach's cave.
At least. I think it
was the same cave.
I don't know. I blacked out
or I had some kind of...
twisted dream?
Van and Shauna...
they had dreams. too.
but this didn't
feel like a dream.
It felt like I was
there. sort of. Like...
it was a memory. but it wasn't
or like it really
happened. but it didn't.
I don't know. it
felt like it was...
The truth?
You had a vision.
Are you ready to keep going?
When do we start?
- I mean. what do I have to...
- Tell me more about the cave.
Aah! [groans]
How fucking dare you!
How dare you set fire to
the cabin with us inside?
After everything that
I have done for you.
After everything I did to keep
you from killing yourself.
How could you do this to me?
I th...
I thought that we were friends.
I wouldn't hurt you. Misty.
[scoffs]
Yeah. right.
I didn't burn down your cabin.
♪ Unsettling music ♪
♪
Prove it.
Yeah?
How?
With a-a high school mock trial
at the end of the fucking world?
I'm in a jail with birds. Misty.
You know that this whole
trial is just a farce.
I've already lost. [sighs]
I've got no reason
to lie to you now.
You can't say it's a farce.
You can't say shit
like that out there
if we're gonna win this.
Okay?
[sniffles]
[sighs]
- Hey.
- What's going on here?
- Well. I. uh.
went on wikiHow.
and I found some great tips
on reversing bad karma
by picking up good karma points.
This cat.
I'm gonna find that cat.
This cat?
Jeff. that was.
like. two years ago.
That's gonna be a lot of points.
Hey. Cal. I'm putting
together stuff for charity.
Now. you got anything good that
you want to. you know. donate?
Did you put any of
my stuff in here?
No.
That's why I just asked.
Why are you even doing this?
You're asking why
do charity? [scoffs]
No. I mean why now. I guess.
Is it because you put
Lottie out on the streets?
No. No. it's not.
And I do not want you to mention
her name again in this house.
[Jeff] No. "why
now" doesn't matter.
All that matters is that
we are giving of ourselves
to someone who needs it.
Not sure how much anyone needs
your bootleg Rush Hour DVDs.
Maybe you're right. But it
just keeps hitting me...
we are in a serious
karma deficit here.
And we got to do some good.
I need to do some good.
Okay.
Okay. honey. let's-let's
do some good.
- What else you got?
- I'm glad to hear you say that.
[sighs] 'Cause I signed us
up to do some volunteer work.
- I'm out.
- Callie.
Just bring me back
a karma to-go plate.
It's at the same place Randy
does hours for his DUI.
But for us. it's all about...
- good vibes.
- Yes.
Hmm?
Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing in distance]
Fuck. Maybe this
isn't a good idea.
Maybe this is the
stupidest thing
- we have ever done.
- Yeah. sure.
If nothing happens.
no one sees it.
then okay. it's a stupid idea.
But if s... if
something happens...
if It chooses someone...
maybe it'll be worth it.
[sighs]
♪ "Fresh Blood" by Eels ♪
♪
♪ Sun down on the sorry day ♪
♪ By nightlights
the children pray ♪
♪ I know you're probably
getting' ready for bed ♪
♪ Beautiful woman.
get out of my head ♪
♪ I'm so tired of
the same old crud ♪
♪ Sweet baby. I
need fresh blood ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Fuck. It chose.
It really chose someone.
[Young Van] All rise.
The People v. Benjamin Scott
on charges of arson
and multiple counts
of attempted murder.
Jury verdict requires
a two-thirds majority.
The Honorable Judge
Natalie presiding.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
♪
Here we go.
Uh. Taissa Turner. you may
call your first witness.
Yes. Your Honor.
The people would like to call
Mari Ibarra to the stand.
Oh. shit.
- [Misty sighs]
- Oh...
[Misty sniffles]
Smile.
I'm sticking my
neck out for you.
Do not make me look stupid.
Mari. first of all.
we are really glad to
have you back with us.
- Espec...
- Wait.
We have to swear her in.
[Van] Oh.
Right.
Yeah. we forgot that.
Uh. here.
Repeat after me.
I vow by the Wilderness to
honor Its virtue with my own.
What It asks. I will answer.
What It says. I will listen.
- What It needs. I...
- She swears to tell the truth.
the whole truth. and that's it.
so help her all of us.
Yeah.
I do.
Mari. we are really glad
to have you back with us.
especially after such
a traumatic ordeal
- with Coach Scott.
- [Misty] Objection.
In whose opinion
was it traumatic?
I think we can all agree
that being held against
your will is traumatic.
Sustained. Well.
it's technically
an opinion. so...
Fine.
Mari. in your opinion.
was your time in Coach's
dungeon traumatic?
Fuck yeah. it was.
He made me eat bats. and he kept
talking to... God knows who.
- but it wasn't me.
- [Taissa] Are you saying
he's deranged?
I mean...
maybe.
Is that why he held you captive?
He didn't want me coming back
to tell you all where he was.
A-And then I did.
Why didn't he want that?
He didn't want us
coming to get payback.
♪ Haunting music ♪
♪
Payback.
Did he say payback for what?
Not exactly.
But I assume for
burning the cabin.
Know what happens
when you assume?
You make an "ass"
out of "U" and "me."
[snickering]
Could Coach Scott have killed
you when you were in the cave?
Yes.
But he didn't. did he?
- No.
- Hmm.
Why did he take you
to the cave? I mean.
why didn't he just
leave you in the pit?
He could have left
you there to rot. but.
I mean... I know Shauna would.
Objection. That's unnecessary.
Yeah. but it's true.
But sustained.
Mari. just answer why
he pulled you out.
He didn't want me
to die in there.
He didn't want you to die.
That doesn't sound
like a murderer to me.
Are you giving testimony now?
Does that sound like a
vengeful murderer to you?
No.
No further questions.
Misty's?
Of all the needy places
we could volunteer?
- Misty's job?
- I didn't know.
We're probably not
even gonna see her.
Is there something going
on with you two right now?
Uh. no.
No. she's just Misty.
And... besides.
who wants to spend all day
wrist-deep in soiled bedsheets.
rubbing elbows with
Misty fucking Quigley?
- Hey.
- You have a lot of nerve
showing your face around here.
Unless... Wait.
Has Shauna Shipman come with
her tail between her legs
to apologize?
I didn't even know
that you worked here.
And besides. what do I
have to apologize for?
[scoffs] That list
could take a while.
You have a few days?
You know what?
I should send you the
bill for our brakes.
Should I mail it here
or to the mountain
where you lay your eggs?
Kind of sounds like there's
something going on with you two.
If you're not here to apologize.
what are you doing here. Shauna?
I'm not. I wasn't. Jeff?
[Jeff] We're here
to volunteer.
We're your humble
servants. So. just point us
wherever you need us to go.
♪ Quirky music ♪
Tapioca.
You're going on tapioca duty.
I don't even know
what that means.
but based on your
face. I don't think so.
Oh. yes. you are.
Those little pearls aren't
gonna pudding themselves.
This is better than
an apology. [laughs]
Why were you up so late
the night of the fire?
I couldn't sleep.
So you just...
were sitting there?
Doing... nothing?
I was journaling.
- What were you journaling about?
- Objection.
Who cares what she
was journaling about?
Sustained. Misty.
why's it matter
- what she's...
- Because she could have
been journaling about
starting the fire.
Yeah. okay. so ask her that.
I'm building a narrative.
- Shauna. did you start the fire?
- No.
You're under oath. remember.
I did not start the fire.
That's fucking crazy.
Is it?
Because the night of the
fire was the same night
that Natalie was
chosen to be leader.
And I saw the look on your face.
the disappointment you had.
Are-are you upset that
you weren't chosen to be leader?
No.
You don't think
that you deserved
to be the leader?
- No.
- Really?
After everything
that you've done?
After everything that you
have been through to survive?
After losing your baby...
...carving up Javi's body.
because none of us could.
just so that we
could feed ourselves?
I mean. I would be furious
if I went through all of that
and wasn't even thought
of to be the leader.
Why the fuck would I burn down
the cabin because of that?
I lived there too.
Well. maybe you resorted
to something drastic...
...to show us all
who the real hero is.
- the real leader.
- [scoffs]
I mean. maybe... maybe
you started the fire
so that you could save us all.
so that you could
get yourself crowned.
Objection.
Withdrawn.
No further questions.
[whispering] I
want a redirect.
I-I don't know what that is.
I want to talk to Shauna.
Oh. uh...
I mean. yeah.
[regular volume] Shauna.
I believe you're a hero
for alerting us to the fire
and thus saving our lives.
Objection.
There's not a question.
Sustained. No preaching. Tai.
Fine.
Shauna.
Do you think Ben is a hero?
- No.
- Why?
Objection.
Where is this going?
I'm "building a narrative."
Overruled. Keep going.
Shauna.
why don't you think
Ben is a hero?
Didn't he help you
when you were in labor?
♪ Tense music ♪
♪
No.
He didn't.
[Taissa] Huh.
What did he do when
you were in labor?
Nothing.
He just left me.
I was bleeding
and in so much pain. so Natalie
went to get him.
And he just looked
at me and said.
"All I did was press
play on a VHS tape."
And then went back to his room.
[Taissa] Shauna. why
do you think Ben
would have wanted
to start the fire?
'Cause he judges us.
I mean. he's judged
us this whole time.
He's not one of us
and he hates that.
It terrifies him.
We are here
and alive because we fought
to be here and we fought
to stay alive.
And he tried to
take that from us.
No further questions.
[indistinct whispering]
He's got a kid's
dress in his bag.
What if his kid is home?
[Taissa] What if he
doesn't have any kids
and he just has that dress
because he's a fucking
creepy pedophile?
"Creepy pedophile" is
redundant. but okay.
Fuck. the door.
Round and round she goes.
where she stops...
[high-pitched
microphone feedback]
Mercy.
[feedback stops]
Why don't you let...
let me get this
and then you do
your thing. okay?
All right. My assistant.
ladies and gentlemen. Jeff.
Give it up for him.
[clears throat]
Okay. we got
B-9.
That's. uh. a "B"
and a
[deep voice] nine...
As in. uh.
Thank God that biopsy
came back "be-nign."
[laughing]
[laughs]
See? Dude. you just got
to know your audience.
Could we get another
ball. please?
Yeah.
Okay. here we go.
Let-let him read it. hmm?
[residents assenting]
Uh...
G-46.
Like. "Gee.
'for de six' and final time.
who keeps leaving the Bengay
next to the toothpaste?"
[laughing]
Now... now. this is bingo.
My man.
[seniors chuckling]
♪ intriguing music ♪
♪
[Misty] Svetlana.
has. uh. Walter been here?
Is this... is this for me?
That's for my letter
to the comptroller.
Yeah. sure. okay.
This is the hardest
puzzle I've ever done.
It's taken me almost four weeks.
That's great. Svetlana.
Time well spent.
- ["The Sign" playing on radio]
- ♪ I saw the sign ♪
- ♪ And it opened up my eyes ♪
- [humming along]
♪ I saw the sign ♪
♪ Life is demanding ♪
- Are you enjoying this?
- ♪ Without understanding... ♪
[lowers volume]
Why wouldn't I be?
All you do all day is
cook for your family.
This is supposed to be
more of that monotony.
Okay. That is not all I do.
And. you know what. if we're
handing out punishments.
it should be me punishing you.
What?
I was in that car. too.
And in the end.
I saved your life
and you threw me out of the van.
Look. I really don't know
what you want from me. Misty.
An apology!
I'm sorry.
For not knowing why
I should be sorry.
- [gasps]
- [screaming]
["The Sign" continues
playing on radio]
This is not healthy.
♪ I saw the sign ♪
- I...
- ♪ And it opened up my mind... ♪
cannot be around any
of this right now.
♪ I've left you. oh. oh. oh... ♪
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
I have a lot to apologize for.
I know I hurt you.
I understand...
that I hurt you.
I understand. I understand.
I understand that I hurt you.
Oh. Charlotte. no. that's not...
I have a lot to apologize for.
[Misty] Would you say
that. before the fire.
that everybody was on
board with the Wilderness
and letting It decide
what we should do for It?
No. I don't think
everyone believed.
And you got an A
in history. right?
- Yeah.
- Famously.
are there not examples
of people in history
who were not in favor of
certain belief systems
burning those people's
houses to the ground?
Yes. there are famously
examples of that.
So. in your opinion.
couldn't anyone who didn't agree
or partake in the belief system
have burned the
cabin to the ground?
I guess. Yes.
Okay. so it could
have been Coach Scott.
I mean. he didn't
believe. after all.
Or it could be. I don't know.
Shauna. as I previously said.
Or Gen.
I mean. she didn't come
- to all of the prayer circles.
- [quietly] What the fuck?
And. uh. sorry. Nat. I
know you're the judge.
but. I mean. you
didn't believe. either.
Or Melissa. Hey.
I mean. you could go either
way. probably. [chuckles]
What? I didn't burn
down the cabin.
[Natalie] Silence
from the jury.
- please.
- [taps gavel]
- Misty. continue.
- And Taissa.
I mean. she really only
went to the prayer circles
because her girlfriend believed.
Objection. Natalie.
this is ridiculous.
Overruled. She's
doing her job.
And. Lottie...
couldn't someone think that
maybe you burned the cabin down
because you were upset
that It didn't want you
to be the leader anymore?
- I didn't burn the cabin down.
- I'm not saying you did.
I'm just saying that one
could infer from context
that you had motive.
could they not?
Maybe.
♪ Percussive music ♪
♪
"Maybe" is not a "no."
Maybe it was Coach Scott.
or maybe it could have
been any one of us
for any number of reasons.
I mean. who knows. maybe
it could have been Crystal?
Yes.
It could have been
any one of us.
Well. that sounds a lot. to
me. like reasonable doubt.
I mean. if it could
have been any one of us.
then is it fair
to convict a man of
attempted murder?
No. it's not.
[Misty] No further questions.
What's your next plan. Tai?
I don't know. I...
I was going to rest.
I don't know.
Natalie knew where
he was hiding.
How do you know that?
[whispering] How long
have you known this?
Why are you asking me?
[lights humming]
Fuck.
God...
[scoffs]
♪ haunting music ♪
♪
Hello?
Someone's in here.
[sighing]
Come on.
Excuse me. Could someone
let me out. please?
It's Shauna. I'm in here.
- [knocking]
- [muffled] Hello?
Fucking come on.
God.
Hello?
Fuck. Fuck.
[girl] Nice one. Shipman.
[door opens. closes]
[stairs creaking]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[door closes]
Now would be the time.
How are we gonna get
in? [chuckles softly]
You're not butch enough
to have locksmith tools.
I don't think the credit
card thing's gon...
What the fuck?
This is a sign. Van.
Wait.
Van.
I can't do this.
I don't want to do
it either. but I...
I need more time with you.
I need you to live.
I want to live.
but not like this.
Fuck the Wilderness.
Can we just
enjoy the time we have left?
Please. Taissa.
Fine.
[sniffles] New plan.
Meet me by the edge of the park.
Take the PATH train.
Columbus Circle. one hour.
All right. Tai. do you
have any more witnesses?
Just one. Your Honor.
The people would like to
call Natalie Scatorccio
- to the stand.
- Objection.
No. No. no. no. The judge
can't be a-a witness.
- That's unprecedented.
- [Taissa] All of this
- is unprecedented.
- [Misty] Your Honor.
I'll do it.
Oh. do you mind?
- Your Honor...
- Nat
- is fine.
- Thanks.
Nat. when was the
last time you saw
- Coach Scott before today?
- Mm. the day we...
I drew the queen.
You last saw him
before the fire?
- Yes.
- Before we drew cards?
No-no.
No.
So.
after the Wilderness chose Javi
but before the cabin burned.
Where did you see him?
Outside the cabin.
- What was he doing?
- Nothing.
- He had to be doing something.
- He wasn't
doing anything. He
was just leaving.
But he had just come back.
How did you know he was leaving?
- Because he walked away.
- Because he saw what we did?
So. he disappeared.
came back.
then immediately left.
never to be seen again.
and then a fire broke out.
You don't think
that's suspicious?
Maybe.
Maybe it was just a coincidence.
Why didn't you try to
stop him from leaving?
- Objection.
- You're the witness.
And the judge.
Sustained.
When the cabin burned.
did you think
Coach Scott did it?
I thought anything
could have caused it.
Um...
a spark from the fireplace.
- a candle falling over...
- [Taissa] But not Coach Scott?
You never wanted to ask him?
- I couldn't.
- Why not?
Because he wasn't around to ask.
But you knew where he was!
- [Gen] What?
- [Taissa] You've known
this whole time. Misty
figured that out.
- Objection.
- [Taissa] You didn't just
see him before the fire.
He saw you. right?
You spoke to him.
That's how you knew
he was leaving.
You knew where he was going
but you gave orders not
to search for him anyway.
You've been lying to
us to protect him.
and this trial was just
another desperate attempt
for you to let him off
the hook. You can stop me
- anytime I'm wrong.
- Okay.
I knew he was out there.
But he didn't want
anything to do with us.
I knew that we could just
let him live in peace
because he wasn't
any kind of threat.
He wasn't a threat?
How was that for you to decide?
You let him go and
we almost died.
- She's right.
- Okay. okay!
- [all clamoring]
- [Van] Guys. stop!
[Misty] Okay. Order!
Order! Order!
The prosecution rests.
Your witness.
♪ Eerie music ♪
♪
Your Honor.
I'd like to call
Coach Benjamin Scott
to the stand for questioning.
- [laughing]
- Jeffrey.
Wait.
[imitating Christopher Walken]
What has a lot of balls
and screws about
everybody in the room?
- What?
- Bingo.
- Oh. That...
- [laughter]
You get that. right?
[Jeff] I didn't know
I could do that.
Are you ladies sure you
don't want to play Boggle
or Crazy Eights or something?
Randy. can you get us
some snacks? [chuckles]
Yeah. some snacks and-and sodas.
- [woman] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- [Jeff] And a deck of cards.
[woman] Yeah. yeah.
yeah. [chuckles]
- [Randy] Sure.
- You ladies.
- you bring your purses?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Huh?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. that's right.
- Okay. Pirate walks into a bar.
- Okay. [chuckles]
Bartender says. "Why do you got
a steering wheel in your pants?"
[Shauna] It's Shauna!
Can somebody let me out?
I don't think anyone's
coming. Shauna.
You remember what
Jeff said about karma?
Maybe this is exactly
how it was always
gonna end for you...
frozen and left for dead.
Just like me.
♪ Discordant music ♪
Someone's trying to
hurt you. Shauna.
for what you did.
Not just in the wilderness. but
what you did when you got back.
You're not real.
You're getting
colder. aren't you?
Starting to feel
it under your skin?
- I can take it.
- No. you can't.
You never could.
Look at you now. Someone's
fucking with you and you're just
hurling accusations
left and right.
You're not actually
doing anything about it.
You're all talk.
Why can't you just
leave me alone?
[scoffs] You don't want that.
I'm the most interesting
thing about you.
That's not true.
After I died. did you finally
turn into the person you
always wanted to be or...
...did you become this?
It's okay. You'll
be warm soon.
[thumping]
Uh... hello?
- [knocking]
- [Shauna] I'm locked
in the freezer.
Let me out. Please.
Oh. shit! Shauna?
[knocking continuing]
Are you okay?
Hi. Where's Misty?
Excuse me?
Misty. Misty Quigley?
She just locked me in your
fucking freezer. Where is she?
She left hours ago.
[Misty] Why'd you
want to be a coach?
I... I didn't.
Well. you were a sub. right?
You... Have you always
wanted to be a teacher?
No.
But you like kids. right?
Like. working with
teenagers and stuff?
Not really. No.
[chuckles]
Then why the fuck
are you here. Ben?
What. stranded in a forest?
Uh. well. Misty.
see. we were in a plane crash.
[Misty] Yeah. but why
were you on the plane?
Why spend so much time
coaching girls' soccer
at a high school
if you hate it all?
I mean. you've been at
Wiskayok High for nine years.
You could have left at any time.
I mean. every-every
school needs a coach
or a substitute teacher.
You guys ended up being
the best in the state.
I guess I figured.
at some point. I'd...
...maybe get offered
a better gig?
Then. what. in the
meantime. you just...
you just hated us?
You never had any fun?
You just...
It's just all a job to you?
I didn't... No. I
didn't say that.
Look. I...
I liked teaching. okay?
I didn't think I
would. and then I did.
And. yeah. of course
I ended up caring
about you guys. too.
I liked coaching you.
Because you guys
were... [scoffs]
God. you were annoyingly
fucking relentless.
And. uh.
you were underdogs.
I kind of like those.
I am one.
Grew up one.
Stayed one.
And you'd never want to
hurt an underdog. right?
Keep them down?
[sighs] Look. if I
wanted to hurt you. I...
Well. hell. I would have
turned half of you in
for getting so shit-faced
the night before
our first away game
that I had to pretend to the
staff I got food poisoning
in seven different rooms.
[laughing]
If I wanted to hurt
you I would have
told the school and your parents
about finding you guys
together in the back
of the parking lot after
practice last year.
And I would have
put you on the team
instead of asking you to
be the equipment manager
because I knew you'd get hurt
and then get bullied when
you weren't good enough.
My... my entire family sucked.
No one really cared
what happened to me
or what I was doing.
and I think I just
wanted to look out for
you guys the way...
...the way I never got.
Why did you leave us?
Look. I...
I loved you guys and
I cared about you guys
and then we got here. and...
Jesus. you cut my
fucking leg off
a-and you didn't
listen to me anymore
or-or care about any of the...
[sighs] And now you are
literally putting me on trial
and I didn't even do anything
except try to get
away from my own...
[sighs]
I...
I was scared
that I...
maybe was next. That I...
[sighs] That you guys didn't
need me anymore. and s...
Know what? I was a coward.
I left you and I shouldn't have.
I acted exactly the same way
that my parents would have
and that is embarrassing to me.
It is shameful.
And I am so fucking sorry.
Shauna.
♪ Mournful music ♪
♪
Um...
What you guys have...
all done here.
by the way. to...
what-what you had
to do to survive...
[sighs]
It's fucking incredible.
I didn't appreciate it.
I should have.
'Cause the truth is. I'm...
in awe of all of you.
Kind of always have been.
Look. I fucked up
by judging you.
and. uh...
I may not understand
your belief system...
...but I didn't try to kill you.
I wouldn't do that. I...
I couldn't.
[sniffles]
No further questions.
[Misty sighs]
[door closes]
Shauna.
Hey. you want to tell
me why you ditched me
with all the old
people? [chuckles]
[Shauna] Yes.
but don't be mad.
Well. I don't know
if I'm gonna be...
Cat?
- Why is there a cat?
- [meows]
Do we have a cat now?
- We cannot have a cat now.
- Listen.
I don't think the old people
was my good karma thing.
Misty kind of bummed me out.
But I know how important
this is to you.
so I went to a
bunch of shelters.
and I had to go all
the way to Manhattan.
and I found this cat.
No fucking way. Is that
the cat from the flyer?
What? Jeff. no. That
cat is absolutely dead.
But the owners don't
need to know that.
For all they know. their cat
has found its way back to them
after. like. two years.
- Oh.
- Karma times a thousand.
So. you... Yeah. okay. So.
you went into New York City
and then you just adopted
a duplicate cat...
Mm-hmm.
...to then lie to the family
about their missing cat.
[groans] Can we not give
notes on my karma. please?
[sighs] It's...
It's thoughtful.
- It's thoughtful.
- Thank you.
Yeah. Look at him.
Look at this guy.
- Yeah.
- He looks just like
- the fucking poster.
- Right?
♪ "Linger" by The Cranberries ♪
♪
Okay. where are you taking me?
It's a surprise.
Buy me a pretzel.
What?
Well. you once told me
you wanted to take
me to New York
and buy me a pretzel.
And go on a horse ride
through Central Park.
- ♪ Don't let it burn ♪
- There we go.
- ♪ Don't let it fade ♪
- Whoa.
♪ I'm sure I'm not being rude ♪
♪ But it's just
your attitude... ♪
[chuckles softly]
[laughs]
♪ It's ruining every day... ♪
This is all very cute. but
I-I don't have any cash.
- Oh.
- [chuckles]
Hold on. hold on. Wait.
Okay. [laughs]
To your rescue.
Okay. [chuckles]
♪ Is that the way we stand... ♪
Two pretzels. please.
♪ Was it just a game to you? ♪
♪ But I'm in so deep... ♪
Your hand okay?
Yeah. it's just the
adrenaline from the day.
♪ Fool for you. you got me... ♪
Pretzel?
♪ Around your finger ♪
♪ Do you have to let it
linger? Do you have to... ♪
Horse and carriage
ride. Let's go.
♪ Do you have to. do you
have to let it linger? ♪
[Natalie] Okay.
So. we should vote now.
Two-thirds majority vote wins.
Tai. Misty. and I shouldn't vote
because we were part of
the hearing or whatever.
Those who find Coach guilty.
raise your hands.
♪ Ominous music ♪
♪
Those who find Coach
innocent. raise your hands.
That's six. That's
not two-thirds.
Um...
- Uh...
- So what do we do when...
We vote again until. uh.
people change their votes
and we get the
two-thirds majority.
[sighs] Okay.
One more time.
Those who find Coach
guilty. raise your hands.
innocent. raise your hands.
Okay. one more time.
Those who find Coach...
[sighs] Okay. one more time.
Let's vote again.
One more time.
Those who find Coach guilty...
One more time. One more time.
Let's do this one
more time. Okay.
One more time.
Those who find Coach
guilty. raise your hand.
He literally tried
to fucking kill us.
The trial's over. Shauna.
He set the only
shelter we had on fire
with us inside of it.
Anyone who finds him guilty.
raise your fucking hand.
[taps leg]
- The rest of you?
- You are cheating.
- Shauna. you can't...
- Just give them a minute!
♪
That's the needed majority. Nat.
I know.
By majority decision.
we find you. Coach Scott.
guilty of attempted murder.
[sighs] I guess. um. Van.
would you take him to...
This is what I'm talking about.
Look at what you just did.
Do you feel that right now?
That's fucking power.
What's that. Travis?
♪
[Travis] It's the outcome.
[sighs]
♪ eerie music ♪
♪
[phone vibrates]
[indistinct police
radio chatter]
[camera shutters clicking]
[siren wailing in distance]